Vivid Vision 2026-01-06

Speedwell Law Vivid Vision

The Opportunity
It’s crazy that there aren’t many law firms in America that are recognizable to the average person. The ones that do have significant brand goodwill are often named after the surnames of their founding partners. It’s hard to have a true brand if it’s tied up in your personal reputation. What’s more, there isn’t a nationally recognizable estate planning brand (and I don't count LegalZoom because it isn't owned or run by attorneys). Speedwell Law aims to change that. We will become the most valuable law firm brand in the country.
In three years, we will be multi-state, operating in 20 distinct locations, including the top metro areas. We envision a large collection of multi-million dollar practices, becoming the first place folks think of for estate planning.
It’s also crazy that more people don’t know how great a career in estate planning can be. Unlike other practice areas, estate planning doesn’t come with many stressors that being a lawyer typically involves – hard and fast deadlines, command appearances, long hours, clients who don’t pay, etc. Estate planning resembles your normal professional services business, offering flexibility and the opportunity to work when and where we want. With modern technology and the practice innovations we will introduce, the potential is to create the premier legal jobs in the country.
There’s a huge opportunity in estate planning right now, with the largest inter-generational wealth transfer in human history underway: the Silver Wave. I know what I want to do with this opportunity. I want to create careers that epitomize the American Dream. I want to help my friends, family, employees, and clients, and make a profit along the way.
Mission
To be the most recognizable estate planning law firm brand in America.
Speedwell Law is not named after a person. Sure, Speedwell ties into my personal history – my great-grandfather’s house on Crest Lane in McLean, VA was called Speedwell. But from its inception, I envisioned Speedwell Law to be bigger than my reputation.
With the advent of the Zoom era and digital marketing, estate law firms are no longer bound by traditional geography. Our challenge is to make clients aware of our abilities and offer value propositions they aren’t used to hearing from other law groups. Speedwell Law will innovate market solutions that our clients will love, because we will be incredibly pleasant and convenient to work with, while still being attorney-led. People will come to know and trust the Speedwell Law brand across the entire nation, creating brand value that stands as a traditional brand, not just a reputation.
The “Keller Williams” of Estate Planning Law
What I mean by the reference to Keller Williams is that our brand’s revenue from each practice group will be capped, and the excess profit will go to the practice group manager, i.e., the Heavy Hitter. This way, we will attract top talent by offering uncapped upside. Heavy Hitters will train and manage 2-3 associate attorneys, freeing them up to go “bear hunting” – seeking out and taking high-value cases. They could even operate on a “keep what you kill” basis without being weighed down by the volume of estate planning.
Similar to KW, Speedwell Law will have area managers, akin to franchise area managers, responsible for recruiting new Heavy Hitters, helping them get up and running, and maintaining their stability. They will be compensated from the revenue payable to Speedwell Law, incentivizing them to open as many practice groups as they are comfortable managing.
Each practice will be managed daily by the Heavy Hitter, relying on the experience and knowledge of the area manager, to lead a team of about seven employees (excluding fractional employees like bookkeepers and other vendors). Speedwell Law will evolve into a brand manager and HR organization, where the home office handles growth strategy, human resources, high-level law practice decisions, and other management activities. 
Big, Hairy-Ass Goal: 20 Locations in 4 years
I envision Speedwell Law as a collection of boutique $1M+ practices, with a location in every wealthy area in America, starting from the top down. Our growth will be organic, primarily, but may also involve practice acquisitions. A version of our desired timeframe is as follows:
2026: Start a second location in Merrifield at the beginning of the year. 
2027: Operate in three new locations by the end of the year. Open the Arizona holding company.
2028: Operate in seven more locations.
2029: Operate in eight new locations.
When I talk about locations, I do not necessarily mean physical offices. Geography has never been less of a constraining factor for the practice of law than it is right now. Speedwell Law will leverage modern technology and digital marketing to target different locations and innovate strategies to help our clients. As revenue grows, we will keep adding practice groups as needed and convenient. We will target the largest metropolitan areas first, and then fill in the country.
The Client Experience
The client’s impression of Speedwell Law will be one of warmth, friendliness, and responsiveness. They will learn and love our “turnkey” approach. They will be comforted by our “attorney led from start to finish” core value. They will appreciate the value proposition of our services. We will use technology mindfully to enhance the client experience. Combined with the clarity of our process, the verified professionalism of our attorneys, and our employees’ ability to explain complex topics clearly and simply, it will be a no-brainer for prospective clients to choose our services. 
Our Jobs are the Epitome of the American Dream
To me, the American Dream means work-life balance, ownership interest in a small business, the ability to own a home, take vacations, raise a family, and most importantly, realize our life ambitions beyond work.
We will never be a “live to work” organization. We work to actualize our dreams. I look forward to the day when a Speedwell Law employee is an Olympian, concert pianist, amateur surf legend, or whatever their dream may be. We work to live and do good for our families, coworkers, and clients.
Recognizing that one’s needs and wants can change, Speedwell Law will provide steady and predictable career arcs, even for those who may not wish to continue practicing law. The practice group area manager role will be perfect for this.
Our employees will stay because opportunity will be our moat. We will grow and thrive together.
Employee owned
I have always wanted to share the bounty of what I have set up here with many friends. Therefore, I want our Speedwell Law employees to have a piece of the pie. My goal is to sell Speedwell Law to its employees through an ESOP. I envision such a transaction occurring in five to ten years. This way, those of us who commit substantial time and effort to the organization can have an ownership interest in the company and treat the Speedwell Law brand as the precious asset it is.
